John Smith joined Google in London on Monday.
Anna Brown flew from Berlin to Madrid last Friday.
Microsoft hired David Lee in Seattle in 2025.
Emma Wilson visited Paris in April.
Robert King called Amazon at noon.
Sophia Turner moved to Amsterdam after Christmas.
James Hall met IBM engineers in Zurich on Tuesday morning.
Olivia Clark left Oxford University in June.
Daniel Young opened an account at HSBC in Dublin yesterday.
Mia Harris arrived in Rome at 8 p.m.
Noah Walker works for Tesla in Austin.
Emily Scott studied at Stanford in 2024.
William Green sent a report to UNICEF on Wednesday.
Charlotte Adams returned to Prague this summer.
Benjamin Baker joined Intel near San Jose.
Amelia Nelson landed in Tokyo before dawn.
Henry Carter left Meta after two years.
Grace Mitchell visited the Thames in May.
Jack Perez met Reuters editors in New York.
Lily Roberts called her manager from Geneva at midnight.
The iPhone 15 was unveiled by Apple in California.
Maria Lopez bought a Nikon D850 in Boston.
The Mona Lisa attracted thousands of visitors in Paris.
Ethan White repaired a Boeing 747 at Heathrow yesterday.
Sony released the PlayStation 5 in November.
Laura Hill read Hamlet on the train to Edinburgh.
The Hubble Space Telescope captured new images this week.
Kevin Wright tested a Tesla Model S near Oslo.
The company displayed the Starship prototype in Texas.
Rachel Evans bought an Apple Watch during lunch.
The World Cup started in Qatar on Sunday.
James Cook traveled to Rio during Carnival.
The Olympics will open in Los Angeles in 2028.
Emma Davis booked tickets for Comic-Con in July.
The summit began in Brussels this morning.
David Moore spoke at CES in Las Vegas.
The election debate ended after midnight in Washington.
Sophia Reed watched Wimbledon on Saturday.
The parade reached Fifth Avenue during Pride.
Liam Brooks attended Oktoberfest in Munich.
Hurricane Katrina changed the coastline in 2005.
El Nino affected farmers in Peru this year.
A solar eclipse will be visible in Mexico on April 8.
Floods hit northern Italy after the storm.
Mount Etna erupted again on Tuesday.
The wildfire spread across California overnight.
An earthquake struck Turkey at dawn.
The tsunami warning reached Japan before sunrise.
A blizzard closed roads near Denver last night.
The volcano sent ash over Iceland in March.
Peter Johnson from NATO arrived in Brussels on Monday evening.
Sarah Miller briefed UN officials in Geneva after the summit.
The French president met Google executives in Paris today.
Ukrainian students visited the British Museum in London.
Carlos Rivera joined the European Commission in Brussels in May.
The Canadian delegation met Reuters staff in Ottawa.
A Russian pilot landed a Boeing 737 in Dubai at 06:10.
The German team presented a robot at CES last week.
Brazilian officials spoke to Apple during the forum in Lisbon.
The Indian minister addressed UNESCO in Paris on Friday.
At 9:30 a.m., Michael Stone left Facebook's office in Dublin.
During Ramadan, Aisha Khan visited Cairo with her family.
The Airbus A320 departed from Madrid before the storm.
Oliver Grant watched the Super Bowl in Texas on Sunday night.
The Japanese embassy called Maria at noon.
A cyclone approached the coast near Manila this morning.
Netflix released a documentary about Hurricane Sandy in 2023.
Thomas Reed photographed the Golden Gate Bridge at sunset.
The Dutch team reached the finals of Eurovision in May.
IBM shipped a new server to Toronto after lunch.
john parker met amazon recruiters in chicago on tuesday.
emma flew to warsaw before christmas.
google showed pixel 9 at io in may.
a hurricane warning was issued in florida last night.
liam from bbc landed in athens at 07:20.
the american coach arrived in berlin for the marathon.
sara bought a canon eos r6 in milan yesterday.
spotify hired david in stockholm this spring.
earthquake reports came from chile after midnight.
the french artist showed the mona lisa replica at art basel.
Professor Helen Ward from MIT will speak in Boston on June 12.
The African Union met Reuters journalists in Addis Ababa this week.
During Diwali, Raj Patel visited New Delhi with IBM colleagues.
The Samsung Galaxy S24 was tested by engineers in Seoul.
A tornado crossed Oklahoma on Saturday afternoon.
The Spanish minister opened the expo in Barcelona at 10 a.m.
Grace Lee from UNICEF inspected shelters after the flood in Sudan.
The Kindle Paperwhite launch was delayed until next month.
An avalanche blocked the route near the Alps yesterday.
The summit between NATO and the EU starts tomorrow in Brussels.
Nathan Cole watched the solar eclipse from Austin on Monday.
The Pakistani journalist interviewed Apple managers in Dubai.
During New Year's Eve, Emma Roberts rode the London Eye.
Oracle moved Daniel Kim to Singapore in 2026.
A thunderstorm interrupted the concert in Vienna last evening.
The Russian delegation presented a satellite at the expo in Dubai.
Priya Nair sent documents to the WHO office in Nairobi this morning.
The iPad Pro announcement at WWDC excited investors in California.
Wildfires forced residents to leave the hills above Athens at night.
The Brazilian engineer from Airbus presented a drone in Toulouse on Thursday.
Jason Miller from Cisco arrived in Prague on Sunday evening.
The Berlin Film Festival opened in February.
A glacier collapsed near Anchorage after the earthquake.
Harvard University invited Sarah Collins to Cambridge in October.
The Chinese delegation met NATO officials in Brussels yesterday.
Spotify launched a new speaker in Stockholm this year.
Maria Garcia visited the Louvre during Bastille Day.
The Nile overflowed after heavy rain in Sudan.
Amazon sent a Kindle to Dublin on Tuesday.
A volcano alert was issued in Indonesia at dawn.
Kevin Brown from UNICEF traveled to Nairobi in March.
The US embassy called Daniel Harris at 5 p.m.
A drone prototype was tested by Airbus in Hamburg.
Julia White attended Fashion Week in Milan last month.
Floodwaters reached villages near the Danube overnight.
Samsung opened a lab in Seoul on Wednesday.
The Canadian athlete won gold at the Olympics in Tokyo.
A sandstorm crossed northern Egypt this morning.
Peter Novak bought a MacBook Pro in Vienna.
Reuters interviewed the Italian minister in Rome after lunch.
The earthquake damaged roads in Nepal on April 3.
Megan Clark from BBC reported live from London at noon.
The Dutch museum displayed The Night Watch in Amsterdam.
A heatwave spread across Spain in July.
Tesla shipped a Model X to Oslo yesterday.
The British delegation arrived in Geneva before the summit.
Lucas Martin saw the Eiffel Tower at sunset.
Hurricane Ian reached Florida on Thursday.
Intel invited Anna Petrova to Dublin in September.
The Tokyo Marathon starts on Sunday morning.
An iceberg drifted near Greenland this week.
Nadia Hassan joined the WHO team in Cairo in 2024.
Google Maps failed during the storm in Manila.
The French Open begins in Paris next month.
A wildfire warning was sent across California at 6 a.m.
UNESCO hosted Maria Lopez in Paris on Friday.
The robot arm was built by engineers in Munich.
The Mexican president visited Ottawa on Monday.
A monsoon flooded streets in Mumbai overnight.
Daniel Reed read Moby-Dick on the train to Boston.
Adobe hired Priya Shah in San Francisco this spring.
The Arab League met in Cairo during Ramadan.
A snowstorm delayed flights from Denver to Chicago.
The PlayStation Portal sold out in Tokyo on launch day.
Emma Watson from UNICEF arrived in Lagos yesterday.
The Scottish artist presented a sculpture at Frieze in London.
The storm surge hit the coast of Louisiana at night.
Oxford University welcomed James Porter in October.
The Australian team trained in Sydney before the World Cup.
A lunar eclipse appeared over Brazil on Tuesday night.
Nina Petrova bought a Canon camera in Warsaw.
The mayor of Berlin met Microsoft representatives on Thursday.
A landslide blocked the road near Quito after rain.
The Venice Biennale opens in May.
Apple engineers tested Vision Pro in Cupertino.
The Russian cosmonaut spoke at ESA headquarters in Paris.
A typhoon approached Taiwan before dawn.
The conference at MIT ended on Wednesday afternoon.
The Statue of Liberty was photographed by tourists at noon.
The Japanese company opened an office in Singapore in 2025.
A drought affected farms across Kenya this summer.
The New York Marathon attracted runners from Canada.
Samsung displayed a foldable tablet at CES in Las Vegas.
The Brazilian journalist flew to Lisbon on Monday.
An eruption near Sicily covered villages with ash.
The African minister met WHO officials in Geneva.
Netflix released a film during Sundance in January.
The bridge over the Rhine was closed after the flood.
Thomas Green joined Oracle in Austin last year.
The Ukrainian delegation visited Brussels during the forum.
A tornado warning interrupted the match in Kansas.
Meta announced a headset in California at 11 a.m.
The Indian engineer from Google moved to Zurich in June.
An avalanche warning was issued in the Alps this morning.
The Nobel Prize ceremony takes place in Stockholm in December.
A French satellite was presented at the expo in Dubai.
John Carter called the UN office in Vienna at 7:15.
The storm reached the coast of Portugal overnight.
IBM researchers met in Boston during the conference.
A rainbow appeared above the Thames after the rain.
The Turkish minister arrived in Berlin before noon.
The drone crashed near the Danube on Tuesday.
Emma Hill watched Eurovision in Malmö last weekend.
The wildfire in Alberta expanded rapidly last night.
Airbus delivered an aircraft to Qatar in 2026.
The Korean delegation joined the summit in Brussels on Friday.
A cyclone warning was broadcast in Bangladesh at dawn.
The British Museum loaned an artifact to Rome in April.
Priya Raman from UNESCO visited Delhi during Diwali.
The summit in Geneva continued until midnight.
A blizzard moved across Montana on Sunday.
Google presented Pixel Watch in New York this fall.
The Italian runner reached Athens before sunrise.
Reuters published an interview with the Spanish president.
The glacier in Iceland melted faster this year.
The Dutch engineer built a rover in Eindhoven.
The Cannes Film Festival closes on Saturday night.
A thunderstorm hit Vienna during the concert.
Maria Ivanova from Airbus landed in Toulouse at 08:40.
The Portuguese team arrived in Doha for the World Cup.
A dust storm covered parts of Arizona yesterday.
The Kindle Scribe was reviewed in London this week.
The Canadian scientist spoke at TED in Vancouver.
An earthquake warning reached Ankara before dawn.
Sony engineers met in Osaka on Thursday morning.
The French delegation left Brussels after the summit.
A flood alert was issued for villages near the Rhine.
Adrian Wells joined Dropbox in Dublin on Monday.
Mila Turner flew from Prague to Helsinki last Thursday.
Nvidia hired Victor Alvarez in Barcelona in 2028.
Clara Hughes visited Venice in September.
Jordan Price called Spotify at 2 p.m.
Eva Collins moved to Utrecht after Halloween.
Nathan Cole met Oracle engineers in Warsaw on Tuesday morning.
Isabel Reed left King's College London in July.
Luca Martin opened an account at Santander in Madrid yesterday.
Sarah Bell arrived in Kyoto at 8 p.m.
Evan Brooks works for Stripe in Amsterdam.
Maya Foster studied at the University of Edinburgh in 2021.
Logan Hayes sent a proposal to Greenpeace on Friday.
Nora Kelly returned to Zagreb this spring.
Eli Ward joined Lenovo near Raleigh.
Chloe Morgan landed in Busan before sunrise.
Omar Bennett left Snap after five years.
Ruby Price visited Lake Geneva in May.
Calvin Scott met CNBC editors in Boston.
Lena Murphy called her producer from Stockholm at midnight.
The Pixel Tablet was unveiled by Google in California.
Diego Santos bought a Canon EOS R5 in Lisbon.
The Starry Night attracted thousands of visitors in Amsterdam.
Miles Walker repaired a Gulfstream G650 at Schiphol yesterday.
Valve released the Steam Deck OLED in October.
Anna Cooper read The Great Gatsby on the train to Chicago.
The International Space Station transmitted new data this week.
Ethan Reed tested a Porsche Taycan near Vienna.
The team displayed the lunar habitat prototype in Nevada.
Sophie Ward bought an Oura Ring during breakfast.
The Six Nations started in Dublin on Saturday.
Jacob Harris traveled to Venice during Carnival.
The Winter Olympics will open in Salt Lake City in 2034.
Ella Brooks booked tickets for Gamescom in August.
The forum began in Brussels this morning.
Noah Carter spoke at Web Summit in Lisbon.
The climate debate ended after midnight in Glasgow.
Ava Bennett watched the Australian Open on Sunday.
The procession reached Times Square during New Year's Day.
Leo Foster attended Burning Man in Nevada.
Hurricane Harvey changed the coastline in 2017.
A dust storm affected villages in Morocco this year.
A partial solar eclipse will be visible in Portugal on October 2.
Floods hit eastern Romania after the storm.
Mount Stromboli erupted again on Tuesday night.
The wildfire spread across Sicily overnight.
An earthquake struck Peru at dawn.
The tsunami warning reached Alaska before sunrise.
A snowstorm closed highways near Minneapolis last night.
The volcano sent ash over Tenerife in March.
Jonas Meyer from Europol arrived in The Hague on Monday evening.
Sofia Turner briefed NATO officials in Brussels after the summit.
The Polish president met Microsoft executives in Warsaw today.
Hungarian students visited the Natural History Museum in London.
Mateo Garcia joined Amnesty International in Geneva in June.
The Chilean delegation met AFP staff in Santiago.
A Turkish pilot landed an Airbus A321 in Doha at 06:35.
The Danish team presented a rover at CES last week.
Serbian officials spoke to Apple during the expo in Belgrade.
The Moroccan minister addressed UNESCO in Paris on Wednesday.
At 8:45 a.m., Daniel Price left X's office in Dublin.
During Eid al-Fitr, Amina Yusuf visited Istanbul with her family.
The Boeing 777 departed from Abu Dhabi before the storm.
Owen Foster watched the Champions League final in London on Saturday night.
The Italian embassy called Rebecca at noon.
A cyclone approached the coast near Yangon this morning.
Disney+ released a documentary about the flood in 2025.
Ryan Scott photographed the Sydney Opera House at sunset.
The Swiss team reached the finals of Eurovision in May.
Juniper shipped a new switch to Oslo after lunch.
liam carter met spotify recruiters in stockholm on tuesday.
emma flew to bucharest before new year's eve.
google showed pixel fold at google i/o in may.
a wildfire warning was issued in colorado last night.
noah from reuters landed in vienna at 07:10.
the german coach arrived in paris for the semifinal.
zoe bought a nikon z8 in brussels yesterday.
notion hired oliver in london this spring.
earthquake reports came from taiwan after midnight.
the dutch artist showed a girl with a pearl earring replica at art rotterdam.
Professor Elena Novak from TU Delft will speak in Delft on June 18.
The African Union met Bloomberg journalists in Addis Ababa this week.
During Lunar New Year, Kevin Tran visited Hanoi with Meta colleagues.
The Huawei Mate XT was tested by engineers in Shenzhen.
A tornado crossed Louisiana on Saturday afternoon.
The Austrian minister opened the fair in Vienna at 10 a.m.
Grace Kim from UNICEF inspected shelters after the typhoon in the Philippines.
The Surface Pro launch was delayed until next week.
An avalanche blocked the tunnel near Zermatt yesterday.
The summit between NATO and the G7 starts tomorrow in Rome.
Nathan Brooks watched the meteor shower from Denver on Monday.
The Indonesian journalist interviewed Nvidia managers in Singapore.
During Christmas Eve, Emma Stone rode the ferris wheel in Vienna.
SAP moved Daniel Novak to Prague in 2026.
A thunderstorm interrupted the concert in Budapest last evening.
The Colombian delegation presented a satellite at the expo in Dubai.
Aria Shah sent documents to the WHO office in Geneva this morning.
The Vision Pro announcement at WWDC excited investors in New York.
Wildfires forced residents to leave the hills above Los Angeles at night.
The Argentine engineer from Airbus presented a drone in Hamburg on Thursday.
